With that whole prelude, you may be wondering to yourself, well, what exactly are we going to then
learn in the section?
Well, let's break that down.
Let's break that down so that you understand exactly what you're going to get out of the section.
Currently, our app is managed by XPO, so we're running our entire app inside of the Expo infrastructure.
In order for us to go to the App Store and the Google Play store, we need to do something special because
currently Expo is kind of the manager of our application.
So we need to take what Expo has and we need to output a bundle, a package, so to speak, that the
App Store will understand and that the Google Play store will understand.
Now for the App Store, this is called an IPA file.
And for the Android store, this is called an app file.
And so both of these files are specific to the platform that they will run on.
One runs on iOS, the other runs on Android.
The output of the bundle that we're trying to generate, we are generating through Expo.
Expo is managing this for us.
But we have to tell you what it's going to built, whether it's going to build for iOS or whether it's
going to build for Android.
And by doing this expo will then give us the outputted package.
And what we subsequently need to do is understand where we need to go in order to manage the release
process for the play store.
We will show you where exactly you can go through the process of doing the release for the App Store.
We will also show you how App Store Kinect works.
And subsequently, once you know all of these individual steps, you can go and deepen your knowledge
on specifically what the release procedures takes, what the common pitfalls are, and understand what
exactly you need to do by better educating yourself.
But having that end to end flow, seeing how you can take our Expo app and generate these output files,
and then knowing subsequently where to target.
What you need to do is enough of a foundation to then go and deepen your knowledge and investigate on
your own what specifically you should do for the apps that you then want to release once you go and
build an app.
Because in most scenarios, in most established companies, the process of releasing to the App Store
has already been established and the process of deploying to the Google Play store has also already
been established.
But it's good to have that foundational knowledge of what exactly goes into that process and investigating
subsequently on your own.
If you wanted to release your own app, knowing where to target these things can be fundamentally important.
So we want to show you the basics of generating these output files and then showing you where exactly
you can start your journey.